Set-up: Double-jointed arm which can move to target locations.
Goal: The agents must move its hand to the goal location, and keep it there.
Agents: The environment contains 10 agent with same Behavior Parameters.
Agent Reward Function (independent): +0.1 Each step agent's hand is in goal location.

Behavior Parameters:
Vector Observation space: 26 variables corresponding to position, rotation, velocity, and angular velocities of the two arm rigid bodies.
Actions: 4 continuous actions, corresponding to torque applicable to two joints.
Visual Observations: None.
Float Properties: Five

goal_size: radius of the goal zone
Default: 5
Recommended Minimum: 1
Recommended Maximum: 10

goal_speed: speed of the goal zone around the arm (in radians)
Default: 1
Recommended Minimum: 0.2
Recommended Maximum: 4

gravity
Default: 9.81
Recommended Minimum: 4
Recommended Maximum: 20

deviation: Magnitude of sinusoidal (cosine) deviation of the goal along the vertical dimension
Default: 0
Recommended Minimum: 0
Recommended Maximum: 5

deviation_freq: Frequency of the cosine deviation of the goal along the vertical dimension
Default: 0
Recommended Minimum: 0
Recommended Maximum: 3
Benchmark Mean Reward: 30


Solving the Environment
- Note that your project submission need only solve one of the two versions of the environment.

Option 1: Solve the First Version
- The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, your agent must get an average score of +30 over 100 consecutive episodes.

Option 2: Solve the Second Version'
- The barrier for solving the second version of the environment is slightly different, to take into account the presence of many agents. In particular, your agents must get an average score of +30 (over 100 consecutive episodes, and over all agents). Specifically,

After each episode, we add up the rewards that each agent received (without discounting), to get a score for each agent. This yields 20 (potentially different) scores. We then take the average of these 20 scores.
This yields an average score for each episode (where the average is over all 20 agents).
